Swimming alone
all the time
it's hard to live
as a crocodile!
Most people think
I tell lies
just because
my mouth is wide!
Dear little deer
come close to me!
There's something
you'd love to see...
...here.
Oh, don't be afraid,
water's no deep
and I offer thee
a friendly aid...
*MUNCHY* *MUNCHY*
*GROAN* and *CRUNCH*
World is a shame!
What a cruel life!
*HIC*
While coughing
I sniff and sigh!
So many tears I cry!
Once
we were
gods
of the Nile,
now being me is such a crime!
You envy me and waste your time:
Envy is thin,
it bites but never eats!
How cherfully
I seem to grin!
How neatly
spread
my fine claws!
I welcome little fishes in
with my gently smiling jaws!
*MUNCHY* *MUNCHY*
*GROAN* and *CRUNCH*
World is a shame!
What a cruel life!
*HIC*
While coughing
I sniff and sigh!
So many tears I cry!
Hey! Look at all these tears I cry!
Bloody hell! How many tears I'm crying!
So many tears I cry!